When we combine or join two or more streams,
we're interested in merging the data from these streams together.
Consider an example in which we had
a streaming purchase data which we wanted to enrich with user actions prior to checkout.
In this example, we may want the output to be
a purchase with a list of events from the session related to that purchase.
To accomplish this ourselves,
we would need to store user actions in our application as they arrive,
until the related purchase event arrives as well.
Once that happens, we can add the user action events to
the purchase event and emit a new event with the join data sources.
In general, this is how join across streams work.
All the stream involved in a join have
a related key upon which the data in the streams can be combined.
It's not necessary to include all the data from all the streams.
In fact, it's pretty common to select some subset
of the data before sending the joint data downstream.
Simple, right? Well, what happens if the user doesn't purchase?
Do we store that information forever?
What happens if we get a purchase with no related user actions?
Maybe the user went right to the checkout page.
Handling corner cases like this is difficult without a stream processing framework.
As you'll see later in this lesson,
the concept of data windowing will help us handle these types of corner cases.